I'm Lydia and this is from a to vegan
today I'm going to teach you how to make
vegan food on noodle soup udon noodles
are these thick Japanese rice noodles
you can find them in any Asian market in
the frozen food aisle in addition to the
noodles I have some sliced out
portobello mushrooms you can use shitake
for a more authentic flavor soy sauce
miso paste cubed tofu water red and
green chard because they're in season
right now and you can use any vegetables
you have on hand we're using this frozen
veggie mix started by bringing my water
to boil and now we're ready to add the
ingredients and start by adding the miso
paste soy sauce
frozen veggies and the mushrooms we're
going to mix this up and let it let it
sit for a while our broth has begun to
boil again and our veggies and mushrooms
have begun to cook we're about ready to
add in our eat on noodles because he
would our noodles are already precooked
we only need to let them cook for a
couple of minutes the final ingredients
to add are the shard and the tofu and
our soup is just about done our soup is
done and it smells amazing as you can
see it was an easy and healthy meal to
make especially when you're short on
time I hope you enjoyed this video for
this recipe and more cooking videos
please visit from a to vegan calm
you